Hey
so I wanted to explain to Adrian very
quickly what I feel have a PF s cluster
that shard him was and I worked and we
spent them lunch talking about it and I
went eat a deep dive session and we
figure out like two small details which
we're not so small since I have some
time I will explain it how it worked
we basically want you allowed to add
huge things and distribute them among a
cluster of ipfs demons we initially we
don't know how big the content is that
we want to add normally you will think
that you will pick this up from a URL or
something so you will just start reading
things start reading this archive which
is it in somewhere and start adding it
and as we added we should be
distributing it to your to your pastor
of ipfs demons that means that it is
difficult in this mode that we want to
support to make assumptions about pretty
much how big your tag is and what is the
best way to split it in the future there
will be cases where we can make such
assumptions and we can take the flavor
options but in this journalistic case we
we start with those I don't know how
much content and I just need to
distribute it all around what we do is
that in the same way that ipfs chunks
and builds attack as it receives the
chunks we're gonna be doing the same
except that additionally to the regular
attack we're gonna be building a cluster
dag a cluster dag is an alternative
an alternative duck which is just going
to divide the original ipfs tag in
charts and each chart is going to be a
bucket it's going to be the unit which
is going to be allocated to an ipfs
demon and then replicated according to
your replication factor questions in
future models I thought the tiger she
just is still subscribing the size so
wouldn't you know a priori actually how
big the daggers said again I thought the
data model actually includes the size of
the dag yeah but we don't have in this
case we're adding data so we don't have
the duck we're building it as we go but
you're here I guess because your cost so
that if you had the file you actually
know how large the file is when you add
it to ipfs yeah imagine you're a stream
in that file from somewhere like if
you're picking up from disk sure if this
is a huge file that doesn't fit in your
computer you're picking it from
somewhere else you're just reading a
byte stream okay some way you don't know
I suppose I suppose actually it starts
with a self-describing
size to it the evidence below it it's
not a dexter oh yeah so we're going to
split the file from the very beginning
or whatever the a stream that we get so
okay could there be like an intermediate
step which is like pre-stated
size and then when it's finally done
actual size
yes so the idea is that your computer is
too small to actually process this okay
at all
you're just picking up from somewhere
you're adding it to cluster it splitting
its building the diagonals distribute
the content around a cluster of places
which can actually take the full size
and replicate it so the current state of
how live swap sessions work they
basically always certain stuff in in
order right so in in this graph if I
start from the root CID as a client the
cluster in the middle can only satisfy
the first two notes and then it has to
go and ask somewhere else and how does
this mesh with what the vid was talking
about that not all nodes will be in the
DHT so as a client how am I going to
find the other cluster to ask like for
the stuff that the first recipient had
come to me it's a question for ipfs this
may be so this may be one ipfs daemon
and this one's will be in another ipfs
demon and this one's will be in another
ipfs demon if you want to get the things
from the root or traverse the tree you
will have to find yeah yeah this is my
point it seems that if you go a little
bit further down out from the root you
will not be able to find this that in
the DHT anymore soon so how am I going
to stir all of them are added to ipfs
everything is added to ipfs it's just
that normally you get the root and you
you assumed that everything else under
the root is provided by that ipfs demon
yeah because you mean because the
providers don't announce other things
and we will stop to another very soon so
how am I going to get question I don't
know I'm gonna ask why about this it's a
good
okay since that is Marty's clear the
open questions where while we are
shouting how do we ensure that we are
feeling the storage efficiently how do
we ensure that our storage metrics are
up to date and that we are sending the
shards to the right place in a way that
it works and then not the shots end up
in the same pier etcetera etcetera and
why are the new data structures and the
things we have to carry around with them
how do we fill them in the process back
are there any other questions yeah yeah
but this is just a naive question any
risk for cycles if you actually not
managed in the entire like state of the
tree on one cluster is there risk for
reusing resources endlessly in a cycle
know what so so it's it's so it's naive
because I'm like so so your fault he
says you know stirring the entire state
in one cluster on one node you're
separating on two different clusters and
there's actually it referenced in
outside the dag that you know about it
references itself is there a risk for
it's like that that kind of reference it
is because it's a cyclic I know I know
yeah that's why it's naive but actually
like that would be if it does that so I
guess this more in the itlp world I was
just worried that okay it just kind of
make a psycho this would be a this will
be break other things than I'm pretty
sure okay